hi I'm Linda Hutchinson of L Hutchinson
designs today I'm going to show you how
you can do-it-yourself design a t-shirt
using fabric paint I have a simple
little t-shirt here and I just want to
add a little element of pizzazz to it so
I'm going to use these little puffy
paints you want to make sure you use
puffy paints that are made specifically
for fabric because if you use paints
that are not fabric safe when you go to
wash them you're going to have a mess so
you want to make sure that you use
paints that specifically say washable
and for fabric so you can do all kinds
of fancy designs perhaps write names or
things on the shirt that you like like
smile or happy or something like that
I'm going to do something much more
simple I find that these kind of paints
are better to just use dots and kind of
do stuff like that when you try to
stretch them out sometimes they get air
bubbles I don't personally find them to
to work very well that way but you can
always try I'm just going to do designs
with dots so first I'm just going to
place some dots along the neckline
you can measure it out if you want to be
very precise I just kind of eyeball it
so now I'm going to go in with this
color I like the pastels for spring
they're very pretty
sometimes you have to squeeze a little
bit harder but you want to be careful
not to squeeze too hard because you may
get a big glop of paint on your item
sometimes you need to go in there with a
needle or something to clear it out
and you can use the point if you want to
distribute the paint a little bit you
can kind of use it like a brush
sometimes the the paint will come up
higher than you want it instead of lower
and rounder so you can just kind of
manipulate it with the point and that's
how you can do a design on a t-shirt
using fabric paint my name is linda
jansson thank you so much for joining me